Add clarity for examples code (#153)
enbility/eebus-go: README.md

- `service`: central package which provides access to SHIP and SPINE. Use this to create the EEBUS service, its configuration and connect to remote EEBUS services
- `usecases`: containing actor and use case based implementations with use case scenario based APIs and events

## Examples

> The examples folder contains a few demo applications using this stack. These are **not** providing complete implementations of any use case, but are intended as usage guidelines for the eebus-go stack in general and to have a quick demo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The examples folder contains a few demo applications using this stack. These do **not** provide complete implementations of any use case, but are intended as usage guidelines for the eebus-go stack in general and to have a quick demo.
```

> Therefor please do not expect any of these examples to provide any meaningful functionality to be used with real end devices!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, please do not expect any of these examples to provide any meaningful functionality on their own, but instead view them as rough guidelines on the functionality you could implement using the eebus-go stack.
```

### Controlbox

This includes example code for sending an LPC limit 5 seconds after connecting to a compatible device that can receive LPC limits.

#### First Run

```sh
go run cmd/controlbox/main.go 4713
```

> `4715` is the example server port that this process should use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`4713` is the example server port that this process should listen on
```

The certificate and key and the local SKI will be generated and printed. You should then save the certificate and the key to a file.

#### General Usage

```sh
Usage: go run cmd/controlbox/main.go <serverport> <remoteski> <certfile> <keyfile>
```

- `remoteski` is the SKI of the remote device or service you want to connect to
- `certfile` is a local file containing the generated certificate in the first usage run
- `keyfile` is a local file containing the generated key in the first usage run

### HEMS

This includes example code for accepting LPC and LPP limits from a control box, receiving and printing data to the console from battery (VABD) and pv inverters (VAPD) and grid connection point data (MGCP).

#### First Run

```sh
go run cmd/hems/main.go 4714
```

> `4715` is the example server port that this process should use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`4714` is the example server port that this process should listen on
```
